hey it's flygon that time and its speed
you'll guy and i'll be showing you um
tips about using flygon and so here spit
the basic flag on so i'll be using this
flag on right here has a move called
power swing as you can see it does 60
damage plus 10 more damage for each of
all pokemon on your bench so yeah and
then flag on the blacks it's it's not
something you positively absolutely need
but i think that as much flak on decks
are much much more better with them um
wind erosion is nice and extreme attack
that's pretty good i think it's a nice
um counter for gengar and then so you'll
be wanting these pokemon on your bench
is nita clin and machamp and you'll be
wanting lots and lots of memory berries
in your deck and i like broken time
space and severe candy broken time space
is just easier but if you want you can
have rare candies in there too so then
these are the pokemon you'll be using
for memory berries as knocked back your
opponent switches to defending book one
with one of his or her bench pokemon but
i like trap Inge the best inviting traps
which the defending pokemon with one of
your opponent's bench pokemon that means
you can choose anything so that means
you can choose that clay till they have
on their bench that they keep falling
cosmic powering with it is very useful
having your deck this trap Inge is a
must-have for all fly context and so
I've seen many different variations like
Palkia X and I've even seen ducks
exactly like this except without memory
berries but I think memory berries are
definitely something you need and here's
a new variation that I've been recently
seeing a lot in tournaments kingdra it's
a bit weird but yes kendra has been
working very well with
flygon Dex you can one hit KO your
opponent's pokemon if you have rare
candy or on the first turn and if not
it's just good for long battles as well
let's say you use Palkia X for instance
as long as you have a Flygon out rainbow
float allows you to switch eat easily so
you could have restructure with palkia x
make your opponent have to switch with
that ladle or something else touch an
expert belt to kingdra retreat if if
it's something else like Palkia x as
long as it has energy and then drag and
pump to knock the comp ladle out and
then do 20 damage to your opponent's
want to be here Pokemon so that's about
how you use flag on and so comment
subscribe and I'll be seeing you soon
bye